chore: deprecate cache states (#13180)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

Get the latest order transaction with `order.primaryOrderDelivery` so you should replace methods like `order.transactions.last()` or `order.transactions[length - 1]`.

> # Cache improvements

Reviewer: we should not add a H1 headline in the middle of the `#Core` section. instead this should be H2 and all topics below should be H3

## Removed unused `RuleAreas` constants
The constants `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Field\Flag\RuleAreas::{CATEGORY_AREA,LANDING_PAGE_AREA}` are not used anymore and will therefore be removed

## Removed `sw-states` and `sw-currency` cache cookie handling
The `sw-states` and `sw-currency` cache cookie handling is removed, which means by default the HTTP-Cache is also active for logged in customers or when the cart is filled.
Due to the rework of the contained rules in the cache hash (see above), this becomes efficiently possible. The complete caching behaviour is now controlled by the `sw-cache-hash` cookie.

> You should rework you extensions to also work with enabled cache for logged in customers and when the cart is filled.

Reviewer: again only link to the docs?

If your extension is too dynamic you can restore the old behaviour by manually creating a cache key listener in your plugin:
```php
class HttpCacheKeyListener implements EventSubscriberInterface
{
    public function __construct(
        private readonly CartService $cartService
    ) {
    }
    
    public static function getSubscribedEvents(): array
    {
        return [
            HttpCacheCookieEvent::class => 'onCacheCookie',
        ];
    }

    public function onCacheCookie(HttpCacheCookieEvent $event): void
    {
        // disable cache for logged in customers
        if ($event->context->getCustomer() !== null) {
            $event->isCacheable = false;
        }

        // disable cache for filled carts
        $cart = $this->cartService->getCart($event->context->getToken(), $event->context);
        if ($cart->getLineItems()->count() > 0) {
            $event->isCacheable = false;
        }
    }
}
```
**Note:** Keep in mind that this has severe performance implications and should only be used if absolutely necessary.

> For this the following classes and constants were removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes and constants were removed as they are no longer used:
```
